Load content (#730)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: README.md

See the
[`remark-codesandbox` documentation](https://github.com/kevin940726/remark-codesandbox/#documentation)
for more information.

> 
> ### Updating api-specs and regenerating api reference
> 
> Reference documentation is generated from [the docusaurus-openrpc plugin](https://github.com/MetaMask/docusaurus-openrpc) using [api-specs](https://github.com/MetaMask/api-specs/) as the OpenRPC document source. In order to update these docs, follow the following steps:
> 
> 1. Clone [api-specs](https://github.com/MetaMask/api-specs/)
>   1. `cd api-specs`
>   2. `yarn`
>   3. `yarn build:watch`
> 2. Inside metamask-docs/docusaurus.config.js:
>   1. update the reference to the built openrpc doc under the key 'openrpcDocument'. It should point to whereever you have the api-specs repo cloned. ex: `openrpcDocument: "../api-specs/dist/build/openrpc.json"`
>   2. `yarn start`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Update RPC API documentation

Wallet RPC API reference documentation is generated from the [`docusaurus-openrpc`](https://github.com/MetaMask/docusaurus-openrpc) plugin using [`api-specs`](https://github.com/MetaMask/api-specs/) as the OpenRPC document source. To update this documentation:

1. Clone [`api-specs`](https://github.com/MetaMask/api-specs/), and run `yarn` and `yarn build:watch` in your local repository.
2. In `metamask-docs/docusaurus.config.js`:
  1. Update the reference to the built OpenRPC document under the key 'openrpcDocument'. It should point to wherever you have the `api-specs` repository cloned. For example, `openrpcDocument: "../api-specs/dist/build/openrpc.json"`.
  2. Run `yarn start`.
```
